What's wrong?
It's what I told you last time
What kind of illegal live broadcast base in the northern suburbs?
That's right, this is what I'm begging you for.
Someone is organizing a porn live broadcast there
I'm afraid
More and more innocent girls are being abducted and trafficked
So I want you to help me
Live porn
Then wouldn't I be able to
If City Lord Xia can accomplish this matter,
Look at what we talked about last time
Of course
I said yes after school
Mr. Lin
Thanks to the big brother on the list for sending me 10 rockets
love you
Show me a striptease
snort
See what you said, as long as you use enough rockets
Don't talk about striptease. I can strip naked and show it to you.
let me go let me go
Oh come on come on
This newly captured girl
I'll leave it to you to train me.
Why pretend to be innocent when everything is in your hands?
I will teach you now
How to quote the big brother on the list to give you Rockets?
Hahaha
you exposed
Take off his clothes for me
Then roll on the spot
What is the matter?
It is what I told you last time.
What illegal live broadcast base in the northern suburbs?
That is right, that is what I am begging you for
Someone is there organizing a porn live stream
I am afraid
More and more innocent girls are being trafficked
So I want you to help me
Live porn
Then can I not
City Lord Xia, if this thing is done
Then you see the thing we talked about last time
Of course!
I said yes after school.
Mr. Lin
Thank you to the first brother on the list for sending 10 rockets.
Love you.
Do a striptease for my brother
Humph
See what you said, as long as you brush enough rockets
Forget about striptease, I will show you naked
Let go of me let go of me
Oh come come oh
This newly captured girl
I will leave it to you to train
What purity is there in your hands?
I will teach you now.
How to quote the first brother on the list to brush rockets for you
Hahaha
You show up
Undress him for me
Then roll on site